Updated some links & version numbers (#15)
EssentialsX/Wiki: Locale.md

## Colours

> To use RGB colour codes, you will need to use Spigot's `§x§R§R§G§G§B§B` format, where RRGGBB come from the colour's hexadecimal code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an older messages file, you may notice lots of text like `\u00a7`. These are Unicode character escapes, but are no longer needed in modern versions of EssentialsX which support UTF-8 files, and you can convert these to UTF-8 characters `§` using a tool such as [Interactive native2ascii](https://native2ascii.net/).

To use RGB colour codes, you will need to use Spigot's `§x§R§R§G§G§B§B` format, where RRGGBB come from the colour's hexadecimal code. You can also use [legacy colour codes (`§0` to `§f`)](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Formatting_codes#Color_codes) and [formatting codes](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Formatting_codes#Formatting_codes).
```

Author: I've edited the locale, I wasn't sure how to exactly sure how to do the maven/gradle repository things so I've tried my best.

I moved the releases repository in a commented section in case it is wanted

> If you decide to edit the locale files with a standard text editor, you may notice lots of text like '\u00a7'. These are Unicode character escapes, which allow you to represent symbols and letters which do not exist in ASCII within an ASCII file. The most common of these you will see is '\u00a7' which represents the **section symbol** (&sect;), used in Minecraft to make colour codes. Other languages such as those that use their own alphabets or use non-standard characters will also need to use these codes. Many Java IDEs will do the conversion to and from Unicode automatically, or you can use a tool like [this](https://native2ascii.net/) to manually convert them.

Reviewer: This section is somewhat redundant - messages files now support UTF-8

> To use RGB codes in the EssentialsX locale files file you will have to use `§x§R§R§G§G§B§B` where RRGGBB is the HEX code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use RGB colour codes, you will need to use Spigot's `§x§R§R§G§G§B§B` format, where RRGGBB come from the colour's hexadecimal code.
```
